hello everyone and I'm back in my room
in Cambridge I'm so excited about it
honestly I've missed being in Cambridge
so much I had a good holiday but it is
good to be back so basically today is
Sunday and my lectures don't start until
Friday although I do have a couple of
supervisions next week the small group
teaching sessions that I go on about the
whole time and they're on Wednesday and
Thursday but essentially work doesn't
probably kick off until Friday so that
gives me just under a week to kind of
get myself organized get myself sorted
I've got a lot of stuff from last term
that I still want to tie up in this week
so that's all solidified and there's
quite a few bits of editing and YouTube
stuff that I want to get sorted before
Tony gets hectic I've got to do some
laundry because I've just come back from
boat club camp so I've got to empty my
suitcase shove everything in the wash
basically this week is going to be a mix
of working and getting organized but
also having fun and a bit of partying
because it's essentially refreshers week
at the moment this is a new thing this
year for the college they don't normally
do this at the start of first term is
freshers week and at start of second
term is refreshers week basically
there's a few events organised and I'm
planning on going out clubbing maybe
once or twice and just having a bit of
fun with my friends this week before we
all get really busy during term so I
definitely want to make time for
socialising this week as well so the
plan is work through your days have fun
in the evenings we'll see how it goes
I've got big to-do list I can't really
afford to be messing around in these
next few days like to fit everything in
I need to be on it I've got confidence
in myself to be honest I work while
under pressure so first thing on the
agenda is to get my laundry done and
then is brunch
the first brunch of term in Jesus
cafeteria and I'm going with all my
friends almost all of the staircase are
back now we're only missing Tim and Ella
who I believe are arriving back today
and look at that my washing is done ok
I'm going to tumble dry some of that put
some away in here to hang
let's get going good I'm in the queue
for brunch
everyone which has been reunited and I'm
so so funny reason so I heard the
cubically back at Sainsbury's how I've
missed this place
doing my shot sadly my parents aren't
here this time to pay for my first shop
of term I'm not paying for the shop one
time with Astrid yeah it's fine
via nationally gonna have fun so that's
it going
okay the shop has been completed I have
my bits it cost a lot I'm quite sad my
parents weren't here but hey who's
that's the big shop of term done we've
got food we bought all the essentials
it's good okay so I'm back from the
shops I've unpacked all my shopping in
the fridge and I finished my laundry as
well look at that all hung up I am such
a responsible adult 20 years old now you
know 20 years old it was my birthday
over the Christmas holiday and so I'm no
longer a teenager now and it's kind of
scaring me to be honest but also I feel
like I've got to that point in my life
where I've just got to be responsible
and yeah it feels like my birthday and
Christmas was so long ago now but
actually there were only a few weeks ago
but now I'm back at Union it's like back
to it I've got a bit of Christmas
chocolate to get me through I've got so
much chocolate guys I don't even know
how I'm gonna eat at this term but
there's a big stash because apparently
my family coz it's very big on chocolate
at Christmas it's it's really unhealthy
so we're just gonna pace myself with
that I'm being even more responsible
right now and doing my spending
spreadsheet so I'm looking my
Sainsbury's shopping cool that was a
pricey shop I must say and oh it's one
o'clock and what time as I tell myself I
start with my physics work one o'clock
so I better get going okay so it may now
be about 1:45 and no I haven't started
my physics yet but to be fair it's
because I got distracted looking into
internship opportunities for next summer
which is something useful to be doing
anyway and it's also on my to-do list
for today so you know we just add a bit
of shuffling round I'm thinking hard
about what I want to apply for for the
summer because I really do want to have
a summer internship and all the
deadlines are fast approaching now so
really I want to get all my internship
applications sorted this week so that's
what I'm going to do again later finish
writing up my CB and making sure it's
all put together but for now I'm gonna
get on with the physics because that's
quite important and then I'm also
meeting someone in the
Caffe at 3:00 for a quick chat about
coaxing commitments this term I don't
want to do too much cutting this term
obviously I'm really into it I had an
amazing time on the boat club camp and
at this point yesterday I'm like whoo
and I've cooked single eye growing than
a court cool day every day but actually
that's not realistic and to be honest
two or three outings a week is more than
enough for me I need to keep on top of
all my other work so I've got to go
discuss that and make sure that's all
cool but they already know the
commitment issue with me so yeah just
organizing when my outings will be and
yeah so got to go discuss that quickly
and the roost hopefully I won't get too
distracted and hang around there too
long but who knows
[Music]
loads of people are moving into college
today said like everywhere you go
there's a student and their parents
carrying all their stuff in boxes in
it's really funny like it's everywhere
everyone's moving their stuff in for
term oh it's all starting up again I've
just come back from the roost and now
I'm heading back to do some more work
[Music]
I've just heard Eliz just got back so
I'm gonna go say hi okay so we have a
full staircase now as I just got back
it's all very nice yeah we're going to
go to CAF for dinner shortly as per and
hopefully everyone will go together
and it'll be great for Union dinner you
know then I'm going to a social with the
cook says then I'm going back to the
staircase for pries and then we're going
to go out clubbing
okay so I've put some makeup on my face
for like the first time in over a week
and I'm just about to head off to the
cooks is social I'm currently still in
my jumper but I'll get changed
afterwards they're going out so yeah
let's head across college okay I've just
come back too much thank you
firstly vinegar girl the book
clear the iron vinegar girl and you
didn't know I like vinegar a lot I eat
necessary amount of vinegar then I
caught a massive bottle assassin smoke
Whitaker was gonna go down well with me
but then wait for it I think the most
exciting thing it's extra strong and
we're playing never have I ever
[Music]
it's very coda this time of year so I'm
like kinda dreading it super
one so hopefully that will keep me warm
right now we're waiting perilously as
always he's never on time a late shoot
and we're gonna go to the club say fun
times where we started it's fine as
always it seems the club is empty
because we got here early so we could
just get the keys you have ticket but
it'll be a fun night it will get busy
[Applause]
[Music]
good morning everyone
so I'm up this morning and I've got a
load of physics work to do for my
physics a module my physics B module
I've essentially done all the work I
need to do before term starts so now
just a physics a to sort out today
hopefully and I've got a meeting with my
director of studies as well today I
suppose just to discuss the term ahead
so that'd be fun I wasn't out too late
last night like it wasn't the best night
out I left very early I just wasn't
feeling it to be honest but I got a
still a decent night's sleep because I
left very early so all is good
[Music]
and I'm back in nano mix I'm back to my
nachos life is really good right now my
desk and getting some more work done had
a great trip to nano max the food was so
good more physics question us to do now
[Music]
look of an essay writing I'm a scientist
but I'm writing essays what is this my
hand hurts I'm not used to this but
apparently our physics exam papers like
us to write mini essays but I mean I get
away with adding diagrams in as well so
it's fine I've also done a bit more work
on my CV this afternoons I think that's
pretty much finished now so I can send
that off with my internship applications
I had a meeting with my director of
studies I spoke to him briefly about the
internships I'm thinking of applying for
so that he can be prepped to write my
references so that's good so yeah I'm
feeling I'm feeling organised I've got
everything in my diary after making
notes of rowing outings because oh my
god I'm up early Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday this week tomorrow
morning we've got to rig up the boats
because the boats have just arrived back
on the trailer from boat club camp in
Spain last week so I've got to go help
and put the riggers on again tomorrow
morning and then Wednesday Thursday
Friday I'm going to be cook Seng outings
with lots of the women's side who want
to row this term that means I've got to
be sensible and it turns out I'm not
going to be partying as much as I
thought this week no no honestly I do
not want to be going to bed really late
and gang up at the crack of dawn in the
morning it's just not fun
need to be starting term with a good
bank of sleep I can't be sleep deprived
at the start of term because imagine
what I'm gonna be like at the end of
term I think I'm not going to actually
go out much this week but that's fine I
was getting a bit bored of going out
anyway like going out fun but also I can
have fun during the day with my friends
and then go to bed at a reasonable hour
I'm perfectly happy with my situation
yeah I'm gonna go get food chicken and
rice as you can see it's a busy kitchen
this evening
lots of people cooking I'm just making a
sandwich because it's all I can do let's
face it
[Music]
we've got everyone eating isn't this
nice bleating different meal I actually
have so there's been some there's been
something going on in the staircase I'll
just pass you over to Astrid to explain
right guys my fridge three sources last
night as part of my dinner I toasted two
slices of bread a bit like these crusts
have them in the Garden Club sources to
have salsas I'll save the other one for
tomorrow that'll be nice as a treat
after my long day at greasy Council and
talking about ready for my going to have
sauce and open the fridge unless it was
not that I was a thief on the loose its
milk gates all over again
cops can't believe this sort of stuff is
going on in this staircase okay so I'm
just about to go to bed I've got a fair
amount of work done this evening I went
and played a few games with my friends
just then and yeah now it's bedtime
because I've got to get up tomorrow
morning to rig boats I've got to be at
the boathouse for 7:30 I've been
thinking and I reckon I'm going to apply
for an actuarial internship in the
summer rather than a physics research
internship although I say that now and
actually I'm still not sure I'm going
back with them forwards I think I'm
going to apply for both see if I can get
anything like I know that's so
competitive so I don't know how these
applications are gonna go down but like
you've got to apply to be in with the
chance haven't you so I'm obviously
gonna try applying so fingers crossed
there and that's the end of this look
thank you very much for watching please
do give the video a like if you enjoyed
it subscribe to see more video
is for me move looks coming soon and
I'll see soon with another video bye
[Music]